The goal of this project was to step into the role of a technology consultant to help an organization called The Gaming Room expand their application to multiple operating systems. The application was a game that required the use of large libraries to render images at a set speed for many users.  One thing I did well in this project was that I spent a lot of time researching the various operating systems to make recommendations on how to expand and what kind of server structure to use.  The submitted design document was helpful in providing clarity as I worked on this project.  I kept the needs of the business in mind when making my recommendations by comparing the costs of different options, and factoring those costs into my recommendations.  In future software design situations, I will be able to apply what I've learned about the differences between some of the most common operating systems to make informed choices.


**CS 255**

In this project, the client was DriverPass, a company that aims to assist aspiring drivers with their driving tests by offering online study material, practice tests, and in-person driving instruction.  I designed a system that allowed for user registration, login, appointment booking, and accessing online material.  I was particularly successful in creating UML diagrams including use case, sequence, and activity diagrams.  If I were to revisit this project, I would probably spend more time on the presentation slides and, as I did not stray far from the templates.  In this project, I had to ascertain the needs of the client using a transcript from a requirements gathering interview.  These interviews are crucial because they are how we know what we need from the system we are designing.  When approaching software design, I think the most appropriate first step is to draw up a use case diagram, which is something that can be shown to the client that they will understand.  This way you can get feedback on your design before implementation. 


**CS 305**

Our client was Artemis Financial, a financial institution that required security for their web application that met requirements for companies handling sensitive data and assured their customers that their sensitive information was protected.  Secure applications are the lifeblood of companies dealing in sensitive information because they require the trust of their customers to do business. During this project, after some trials and tribulations, I was able to apply security practices such as certificate generation, dependency checks, and cypher selection and deployment to secure the application.  Of these, certificate generation and cypher deployment were particularly challenging for me.  Certificate generation was a multi-step process that required very precise command input, and cypher deployment required careful code refactoring.  After adding these security measures, I tested them by accessing the application through the local host, and running the application and checking for errors.  Running a vulnerability test afterward ensured no new vulnerabilities were added during the course of the project.  I would be proud to show the results of my code changes and certificate generation to a potential employer to demonstrate my knowledge of software security.
